			COVID 19 DASHBOARD JOURNAL
										By Shweta Korulkar

Week 4:

	Ever since the announcement for final project was made, We were unsure of what might be a good project. After searching lot’s of topics I came up with an idea of Covid19 dashboard. As we are right now in this Covid19 situation, I thought this might be a good idea to work on Covid19 dashboard where we can see all the information at one site. My partner Vandana also liked this idea so we both decided to do that project. Eventually, we also made some decisions to integrate
even more useful features to our app like vaccination status, most popular vaccine in particular country information etc. So Vandana created a web flow design on how our website might work. And I searched for various APIs that might help for our project.

Week 5:

	We are still looking for some good APIs that might help for our project, as we got into some trouble finding APIs on vaccination information. However, we’ll start the coding part and simultaneously explore for APIs.

Week 6:

	This week I found some API’S but that has not enough information to display. So started looking for public github dataset. After searching for Datasets, I found 2 GitHub repositories where I got information regarding Vaccination and Vaccine-by-manufacture) So I downloaded it. It’s a CSV file originally but I used
an online tool to convert from CSV to JSON and saved it in our project folder.

 	After finding Datasets, I created a react app in our repo and added some code for responsive headers with the help of ‘react-bootstrap’ module. I also added new routes to redirect to “vaccination status page”,”Home page” and “vaccine-by-manufacturer page”and I began working on building that page.

Week 7:

	First I started designing  vaccination status page. For that I added react multiselect drop down box. While displaying multiselect, I was having problems for displaying options in drop down. After couple of trials I found that, due to incorrect data format I was facing this issue. So resolved this issue by using array of object.

	Then I thought of Displaying comparison bar chart to represent countries  number of people partially vaccinated and fully vaccinated and table with all countries vaccinations status information. While displaying table I faced an issue of vertical scroll bar to table div. I resolved this issue using ‘overflow-y:scroll’ css to table instead of table div.  Also had an issue of displaying div to full width. Resolved this issue by using width and height in percentage instead of using ‘vh’ and ‘vw’. Next week I am  going to work on displaying vaccine distribution by manufacturer.

Week 8:

	I’m getting to learn new things about react and its state management and react component. I also started working on displaying vaccine manufacturer data. While thinking about what graphical representation will look good to display vaccine manufacturer data, Vandana gave me this idea of pie chart, doughnut chart or bar chart. So I decided to use react-donut-chart.

Week 9:

	Added react-donut-chart in my page. For selected country, doughnut chart will display information regarding vaccine-by-manufacturer like what vaccine is available and which vaccine is more popular in selected country. Also added footer which displays the information about library/framework, API/Datasets used in this project.

Week 10:

	To finalize our app, I made little adjustments, like the footer placement, fixing background image issue, some animated CSS to nav bar items, added media query for responsiveness and used WAVE page for accessibility etc. Finally, we deployed our project to Heroku and it’s all set.

Collaborators:
	
	1. Shweta Korulkar
	2. Sree Vandana
	
Datasets:

	1. https://github.com/govex/COVID-19
	2. https://github.com/owid/covid-19-data/tree/master/public/data/vaccinations


Deployed app:  https://covid19-web-dashboard.herokuapp.com/

Project repo:  https://github.com/sk192/Front_End_Web_Dev_Project
